fix(learn): clarify description for finders keepers (#39068)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-algorithm-scripting/finders-keepers.english.md

## Description
<section id='description'>

> Create a function that looks through an array `arr` and returns the first element in it that passes a 'truth test'. This means that given an element `x`, the 'truth test' is passed if `func(x)` is `true`. If no element passes the test, return `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Create a function that looks through an array `arr` and returns the first element in it that passes a 'truth test'. This means that given an element `x`, the 'truth test' is passed if `func(x)` is `true`. If no element passes the test, return `undefined`.
```
The blank line lets the parser know it can turn the following Markdown into HTML.

> Create a function that looks through an array, <code>arr</code>, and returns the first element in the array that passes a 'truth test'. That is to say, given an element <code>x</code>, the 'truth test' is passed if <code>func(x)</code> is <code>true</code>. If no element passes the test, return <code>undefined</code>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a function that looks through an array, `arr`, and returns the first element in the array that passes a 'truth test'. That is to say, given an element `x`, the 'truth test' is passed if `func(x)` is `true`. If no element passes the test, return `undefined`.
```

Reviewer 3: @moT01 I think the comma after the word array and after the `arr` is not needed and maybe a slight rewording could make it a bit more concise.  What do you think?
```suggestion
Create a function that looks through an array `arr` and returns the first element in it that passes a 'truth test'. This means that given an element `x`, the 'truth test' is passed if `func(x)` is `true`. If no element passes the test, return `undefined`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think those commas are needed, or maybe put it in parenthesis instead - something to split it up a little anyway. There's always room for improvement, but this was the change discussed in the issue, so I'm fine with it like this.
